[new feature] promtail: Add a Promtail stage for probabilistic sampling (#7127)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/stages/sampling.md

---
title: sampling
description: sampling stage
---
# sampling

The `sampling` stage is a stage that sampling logs. 

## Sampling stage schema

> The `sampling` stage is used to sampling the logs.rate: 0.1 means that 10% of the logs can be pushed to the loki server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sampling` stage is used to sampling the logs.  Configuring the value `rate: 0.1` means that 10% of the logs will be pushed to the Loki server.
```

```yaml
sampling:

>   # The rate sampling in lines per second that Promtail will push to Loki.The value is between 0 and 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The rate sampling in lines per second that Promtail will push to Loki.The value is between 0 and 1, where a value of 0 means no logs are sampled and a value of 1 means 100% of logs are sampled.
```

  [rate: <int>]  
```

## Examples

The following are examples showing the use of the `sampling` stage.

### sampling

Simple `sampling` stage configurations.

> #### Match a line and sampling

Reviewer: The following example only includes a sampling rate.  Was there supposed to be some sort of line or string matching?
